- Ladies and gentlemen,
Rodney Dangerfield.
(applause)
(upbeat music)
- Thank you so much.
What a crowd, what a crowd!
Nice tuxedo, huh?
Underneath, torn underwear.
(laughing)
First, I'd like to say,
thanks, to the people here
at the Academy.
They've been very nice.
Before the show, they introduced
me to a lovely young lady
and they told me if I needed anything,
she's here to help me,
and she'll be with me
until the show is over.
Very nice, huh?
Just when I need her, they send her home.
(laughing)
No laughs, just cute
stuff, that's all I do.
I'm here tonight to present
the award for makeup.
Makeup is important.
In movies, everybody want
to look good, you know,
and who always wins the
award, the guy who creates
the ugliest creature there is.
(laughing)
People all want to look good.
It makes them feel better.
When my wife went out,
she had her face lifted.
My luck, there was one
just like it underneath.
(laughing)
Just a joke, a joke.
I'm kidding.
I'm not married, not married.
Where was I, makeup.
Know, makeup is important.
Although last week I met a girl,
makeup didn't help her at all.
I mean, this girl was ugly.
- [Man In Audience] How ugly?
(laughing)
- How ugly?
When she goes to the bank,
they turn off the cameras.
Ugly, are you kiddin'?
(laughing)
I mean ugly.
She went to a plastic
surgeon, he added a tail.
(laughing)
All right.
Ugly, you kiddin'?
When she walks in the
room, mice jump on chairs.
(laughing)
You know what, I take it all back.
Looks are not that important.
It's what's underneath
what counts, soul, depth,
that's what's important, not looks.
Now how many times you
take a walk in a street,
you see a tall, handsome
man walking arm in arm
with a short, fat, ugly girl.
I never saw that.
Did you ever see that?
I never saw it, you know?
(laughing)
I thought I saw that, you know.
(clapping)
We'll get to the award now.
For the best achievement in makeup,
the nominees are:
The Clan of the Cave Bear,
Michael G. Westmore and Michele Burke.
I'll tell ya, you've got to watch out
for those single bars.
(laughing)
The Fly, Chris Walas and Stephan Dupuis.
(applause)
Now I know why they
invented the flyswatter.
(laughing)
Legend, Rob Bottin and Peter Robb-King.
This reminds me of the last
time I called an escort service.
(laughing)
And the winner for the best
achievement in makeup is
Chris Walas and Stephan
Dupuis for The Fly.
(applause)